do you ever get the feeling that history
is repeating itself like you can
remember years and years ago just
feeling so shocked so astonished that
Barack Obama was elected president
United States he thought wow I thought
this would never happen within my
lifetime I thought I would I would never
you know see this an african-american
gets elected to be President in the
States and then you know a few years
later a few years later you feel the
same way when you find out that a white
millionaire from reality television has
been elected president it states you're
sitting there thinking what Donald Trump
was I never thought I would live to see
this day I never thought I would live to
see Donald Trump get elected press the
United States do you get the feeling do
you get the feeling the history is
repeating is what guys it's it's lawsuit
season beginnings are suing vegans again
it's it's fashionable all over again
I started this trend all yall copied my
style
you owe me ten percent
sit on the right wrist like overload